360 degree allow in linear gradient?

You can adjust the degree value to achieve the desired angle for your linear gradient. 
Positive values will rotate the gradient clockwise, while negative values will rotate it counterclockwise.

Using a 360-degree angle can be useful if you want to create circular or radial gradients that cover a 
complete circle. However, it's worth noting that for linear gradients, using a 360-degree angle is 
equivalent to using a 0-degree angle. The gradient will appear the same whether you use 0deg or 360deg.

In a linear gradient, specifying a 0-degree angle or a 360-degree angle will result in the same effect. 
Both angles will create a horizontal gradient.




What happens if we give percentage to every colour present in linear gradient?

background: linear-gradient(to right, red 0%, green 50%, blue 100%);

the percentage values indicate the position of each color stop along the gradient line. 
The gradient starts with the color red at the 0% position (leftmost edge), transitions to green at the 
50% position (halfway point), and ends with the color blue at the 100% position (rightmost edge).

The percentage values in a linear gradient range from 0% to 100%. A value of 0% represents the starting 
point of the gradient line, and a value of 100% represents the ending point. Values between 0% and 100% 
define the positions in between.

By adjusting the percentage values, you can control the location and distribution of colors within the 
gradient, creating different visual effects and transitions along the gradient line.



Alternative of float?

In CSS, the alternative to the float property is the display property with the flex or grid values.



scroll and fixed is for body and local is for content in background attachment?
Yes, you are correct. The background attachment property can have three possible values: 
"scroll," "fixed," and "local."

"scroll": This value is typically used for the <body> element or the entire page. It means that the 
background image will scroll along with the content as the user scrolls the page.

"fixed": This value is also typically used for the <body> element or the entire page. It means that the 
background image will remain fixed in the viewport, even when the user scrolls the page. This creates 
a "fixed" background effect.

"local": This value is often used for individual elements or content areas within a page. It means that 
the background image will scroll with the content within that specific element. This allows you to have 
different scrolling behaviors for different elements on the page.


scroll is not working in content but fixed is working? why? 

To summarize, the "scroll" value for background-attachment is used for scrolling the background image of 
the entire page or the <body> element, while the "fixed" value fixes the background image in the viewport. 
Scrolling within a specific element can be achieved by using the overflow property in combination with 
appropriate CSS rules.